---
description: All of our most important milestones & releases since the very beginning
---

# Releases ✍️

## Version 1.5

### Added

* SVG Support
* Lottie Animation support
* New Lottie Symbol
* Fix for Haiku Animation support

## Version 1

### Added

* Code App version **0.7.2**
* **React & Vanilla React Export**
* **Public Preview** lets you start a temporary web server right from our app
* Pages now **add themselves automagically** to our export bundle after loading/visiting them once
* Register & Unregister License functionality added

## Beta

We are now in beta mode - woooppieedoo.

* Brand new Code App, [read more here](https://sketch2react.gitbook.io/sketch2react-io/develop/code-app)
* New component: Group and Group-fixed
* Lots and lots of improvements in the background
* Paving ground for React export

## 0.60

### Added

* New element: Oval
* Shadows and inner shadows
* Layer blend modes: We now support Sketch blend modes - experiment away!
* Sketch 52 support
* Mojave support
* Hotspots as links: Use the Add Link to Artboard \(W\) to link buttons and the navigation to other artboards
* Downloaded HTML files now get the names of the artboards which makes publishing to servers much easier

## 0.56

### Added

* New element: Haiku animations - [Download demo file here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/dtdfqd8gjgiti4l/Haiku%20Demo%20Super%20Hero.sketch?dl=0)
* Updated the UI of the previewer app
* Complete rewrite of the previewer app's React view

## 0.55

### Added

* New element: Forms
* New element: Rectangle
* Complete rewrite of navigation-implementation. It now supports styling
* Fluid fonts
* The Previewer app now generates cleaner code
* HTML generated by {row} is always at least as high as the corresponding element in the Sketch document. 

### Bugfixes

* Fixed bug related to nested symbol overrides.  

### **Breaking changes**

* The structure of the Navigation has been changed. Please see the demo-document for reference!

## 0.0.50

### Added

* Design with code that's easy to learn!
* Fully responsive
* No export required!
* Treat the layers view in Sketch as a **code editor**
* Use the popular Bootstrap grid
* Super awesomeness to the Sketch community
* Design with code directly inside of Sketch
* Export to HTML

{% hint style="success" %}
> The biggest difference between this and other prototyping tools is that you **design with real code**. That gives you high fidelity HTML prototypes right from scratch.
{% endhint %}



